README.md, before:

# DKBase - txt file database manager README <<
### Last updated: 09/02/2024

## OVERVIEW 
DKBase is a database manager revolving around text files.
It can be used to handle multiple databases and is designed 
to be used in python programs.

## CURRENT FEATURES:

Create a new database, Add records, Delete records

## SETTING UP
Before making any changes to a database, you must correctly setup a database.
When setting up a database you can either setup to create a new database or
setup to view or edit a database.

## CREATING A NEW DATABASE
>db_variable = DKBase('file_name.txt')
>
>db_variable.create(
	fields={'IDfield': IDlength, 'field1': length2, ...}
	)


_Create a variable to refer to a database (db_variable).
Use .create() function to setup the fields and field lengths of the database.
.create() only accepts'fields' as an argument.
'fields' must be a dictionary.
Within the dictionary, the key is the name of the field while the value is 
its field length. 
field length must be an integer._


## OPENING AN EXISTING DATABASE
>db_variable = DKBase('file_name.txt')
>
>db_variable.open()<



_Before making changes to a database e.g. inserting/deleting a record, you must use the .open() function._

Commit message:

Includes add and del record functions

README.md, after:

# DKBase - txt file database manager README <<
### Last updated: 09/02/2024

## OVERVIEW 
DKBase is a database manager revolving around text files.
It can be used to handle multiple databases and is designed 
to be used in python programs.

## CURRENT FEATURES:

Create a new database, Add records, Delete records

## SETTING UP
Before making any changes to a database, you must correctly setup a database.
When setting up a database you can either setup to create a new database or
setup to view or edit a database.

## CREATING A NEW DATABASE
>db_variable = DKBase('file_name.txt')
>
>db_variable.create(
	fields={'IDfield': IDlength, 'field1': length2, ...}
	)


_Create a variable to refer to a database (db_variable).
Use .create() function to setup the fields and field lengths of the database.
.create() only accepts'fields' as an argument.
'fields' must be a dictionary.
Within the dictionary, the key is the name of the field while the value is 
its field length. 
field length must be an integer._


## OPENING AN EXISTING DATABASE
>db_variable = DKBase('file_name.txt')
>
>db_variable.open()


_Before making changes to a database e.g. inserting/deleting a record, you must use the .open() function._

## ADDING RECORDS
>db_variable.add_records(
>	(ID, field1, field2, ...),
>	(ID, field1, field2, ...)
>		)

_add_records() will take a single record or a list of records containing information about a specifc entry.
Records must be a tuple.
A record msut have the same amount of fields the database has.
For each record, fields must be entered with the correct datatype.
Fields must be entered in the same order as how the database has ordered fields._

## DELETING RECORDS
>db_variable.del_records(
>	{field: data}
>		)

_del_records() will take a single dictionary only.
The dictionary will take a fieldname and then an item of data.
The function will search through the field column and compare with the given data.
it will then delete the record if the data matches._
